The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, grow up.
We were talking on the last podcast about Epstein and we watched,
we looked at some of the autopsy photos and looked at some of the, the,
the accounts, especially particularly Dr. Michael.
Badden the guy from the HBO autopsy show. He's like that guy got murdered.
I, I got a question. Why is there no per walk photos?
Why is there no photos of him in court?
Why is there no photos of him getting off the plane? What do you think?
I have no answer, but isn't that weird? It is weird.
Every other person who's arrested. You.
See the perp walk? Yeah. Including, uh, El Chapo, including.
El Chapo, including Harvey Weinstein. Literally everybody you've got footage.
The, the media knows where to wait. Right? Why is there no footage of him?
What the? I don't have an answer, but it's.
And the thing is to even say this doesn't, this is weird conspiracy theory. No,
literally tell me what I'm missing. Well, here's where it gets.
Even weirder. You know, that he was like visited while he was in jail by women.
And like, he'd have his assistant come to visit him in jail.
I did not know this. Oh yeah. 16.
Hours a day. He'd get to hang out in the, uh, like wow. Lawyer room,
their special room, where they would buy out all of the, uh, pot machines and,
uh, snacks, all of them. And he'd just get to sit in there and hang out. Wow.
16 Hours a day.
And, and so.
They were, they were somehow another,
either negotiating with him or they were placating him or they were
trying to resolve this issue peacefully.
They were trying to figure out a way like this guy knew too many people and
wasn't talking. And while he wasn't talking,
they were trying to like desperately get to him. I would assume.
And stop him from potentially talking.
And then while the prosecutors closing in,
and while they're making this airtight case,
and the only way for him to make end anything more lenient is to start
saying maybe LA LA LA LA jail cell
night, LA LA, LA, LA LA. Remember.
Remember, supposedly remember all those files that he had with all the people.
Where'd they go? No, one's asking. Um, Jamie's gone.
You got 'em. No, I mean.
The someone FBI York PD.
But why have we're not hearing anything about it? He's got names of many people.
Not.
Just names, but videotapes. Yeah. Of dudes, kids.
It's just, this is classic conspiracy theory. Proven.
True. It's.
A classic because we all saw it coming. But.
This is a classic conspiracy theory that there's a guy who were a certain
intelligence agency who compromises wealthy and famous and,
and even intellectuals,
famous people and then takes these people and brings 'em to an island where he
brings in a bunch of girls that are underage and they all. And then he films.
It he'd be like, what are you even talking about? Right. But this.
Is, think that's real. What about his, the fact that he's number two.
She's like in Israel or something. Since she she's not been arrested.
She's in Brazil, Brazil. Okay. Yeah. She's not arrested. How's that happening?
How is prince Philip not arrested? Yeah.
How was she? Um, wandering around? Yeah. Like how they not whacked her. Right.
Well, they.
Had, I it's not right.
But that part of the deal he made the first time was that he had,
I think at least four, if not more co-conspirators that are not allowed to be,
or that's part of the deal is that they can't be arrested.
How is he in a position to make deals? I'm not arguing with you.
It doesn't make sense. Doesn't mean like, what leverage do you have?
You're like the one, the, the world's biggest pedophile ring. And it's like,
all right, you can't arrest my people though. Oh, okay. That's fair MYM, sir.
We promise not to kill you in jail.
I think maybe there's a concern that if maybe she listen,
if I was gonna be the guy who writes the script,
I would say there's a dead switch. Yes.
And then if she dies, this gets out and she says,
listen, the moment I die, all this gets published. Epstein Powell.
She's under guard.
They're protecting.
Her ex special forces guard. Why is that pictures of Michael Jackson?
Is that like a pedophiles? Probably leaving Neverland. I think it's a different,
oh, is a different, they're putting that story.
There. Oh,
they're thinking the person watching this is a PDO really in the pedophilia must
be.
Very strange. Dude.
<laugh> Maxwell faces credible death threats and is being guarded by former U us
Navy seals and safe houses in the American Midwest. American pitches in Ohio.
Yeah. And shake shack. <laugh>.
Like Sonic, if she's lucky. Good Lord.
I mean, all she has to do is dye her hair. People, Midwest don't even read.
They have no idea that she's there. Did you? Right. Am I right?
They're not paying attention.
<Laugh> did you see the, the prince Philip interview?
Yes. Oh my God.
So strange.
Oh, I loved it so much. So strange. He seems a little spec. Me, am I wrong?
Something's not right there. Something's wrong. Right.
Because you're watching this and youre and he's like, oh yeah. I,
I cut off contact with him. They're like, well, there was a dinner in August.
Well, I was talking by then. You were the guest of honor. Oh,
well <laugh>. It was like, what the dude?
Yeah. Yeah.
He seems like he's a little detached from reality in some sort of strange way.
Yeah.
Well, your, your prince for that long,
you're not gonna be able to begin in with, right.
There's no way, like he's,
you can't develop without trials and tribulations and become and come out
normal, especially when you're not just a famous person, but you're a Royal.
Yeah. Like when they asked him about hugging the girls, I'm a Royal, we don't,
uh, as it were hug,
we don't hug the best through a hole in the bar through.
The best part. What if it, what do you wanna say?
That the Kevin Spacey stuff going on doesn't seem directly related,
but it doesn't seem unrelated in any way.
Kill him with Kyle. No.
It is somewhat related because this is one of those things where things are open
secrets in, in Hollywood. And like, everyone kind of knows.
Everyone knew that Kevin Spacey was a Dick grabber. Yeah. Yeah.
And it's kind of, then it's like, oh, you conspiracy theories.
Like you guys are comfortable with this. You.
Well, that's a weird one, right? Because that's like, uh,
we always heard of the, the wild artists that were doing things that were up,
but we kind of let them get away with it because they were really talented and
there was no real proof. And what happened? God ad blocker.
You Jesus. Uh,
financial financeer Jeffrey Epstein once flew bill Clinton and Kevin Spacey to
Africa. Oh Jesus.
They Clinton really likes re let he want to the aids monkey. He's like, I try.
I wanna to pay. I think I could.
Fix it. I got that super Arkansas come.
I could shoot it inside. That monkey start all over.
Again. And I make mushrooms grow. What? I just on the floor.
Dude. He went with that guy at least 26,
as many as 28 times in his plane, but say, Hey, I just flew a couple times.
My friend Jeffrey. Yeah. We're friends.
I, I had one either Roderick on my show,
the one who had a rape accusation against him.
And I went in there hoping that she was lying. He raped her in the morning.
And it was like half an hour. Like she,
he went with her to her hotel room in Arkansas and it was,
I thought it was like gonna be like nine o'clock. They had a few drinks. No,
she was supposed to meeting with him about something it's horrible at these
people get away with. And I think Americans. So you think.
He physically like held her down? Yes. Raped.
Her. And then he, no, he bit her lip, just like a cat to keep her from yelling.
And then when he left, the last thing he says there,
you better put some mice on that. And another woman who accused him really of,
I think it was Kathleen, Willie who accused him of forcing herself on him.
He bit her lip too.
And the would never knew each other before they independently had the same, uh,
um, thing that he does. He bites their.
Lips. So they don't scream.
Or he just bites their lips cuz it's hot to get, you know, whatever,
that's his thing. Oh jeez Christ. The thing that Americans don't get,
which they are increasingly starting to get is that people in power are often
really depraved and they use their power in sadistic ways and they get
off on not having consequences. It's not just being corrupt. Like, oh,
I'm getting a kickback for hiring my cousin. It's so much worse than that.
And they're starting to see it now with like the Amy Roach thing. Who's that?
She's that ABC news reporter, the footage leaked where she's just like,
we had the whole Epstein story. We had prince Philip,
we had bill Clinton and the lawyers killed it. And she was just,
and she was like that she didn't get the scoop, but it's, and she's like,
I a hundred percent think he was killed. And it's like, yeah,
this is what they're like when the cameras are off. Right.
Um, the, the Clinton thing is so weird, right?
Because you have Hillary,
who was this woman who was going to be the first woman, president,
everyone was behind her.
And we're all thinking that she represents hope and change and all the wonderful
things that the progressives want. Sure. But then she's got this husband, right?
She got this husband a lot of weird accusations. Right. And when,
when they had that debate and Trump brought those women yep.
To sit out in front, I was like, I know he did. Oh yeah. Oh no. He,
yeah.
And Melania was wearing a bow. Was she? Yeah. It's a certain type of K notch.
She had a. Bow.
Is a special kind of knot called a bow. Yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Whoa. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So there's, there's a lot of up in Jeff Jeffrey.
Every I.
We're, he was a good guy. He sported science.
Believe them dancing it up.
There's Jaine how you say it. Is that her? Is that Melania Jalan? Yeah.
Or I don't know. Jalan Herlan is that Melania? Yeah.
That's Melania think I'm pretty sure. Oh, and who's that in the back, right?
That looks like lady da.
Something. This lady die came back as a photographer. <laugh> she's not dead.
She's hiding with Elvis. She's.
Hiding with Epstein in, in Brazil or over he is God just awful, awful people.
It's just amazing that you could still whack somebody as high profile as Epstein
publicly in this day and age that you could say, oh, the cameras didn't work.
Well, the guards, oh, they went around. We didn't.
Hear anything. SW Soleimani. That's different. It in, in a way,
it is in a way it's not. Cause people will do it. Whatever they need to,
to maintain us.
Power. We think that these people are in control. Like when we're,
we're watching this, we see you're.
We think that the guards are in control and the prison's in control and they've
got this captive and they're gonna bring him to the justice system.
Cause the justice system wants to hear his case. Sure. They want him to testify.
There's law. Lot of other moving pieces, a lot of players we're very interested.
See what kind of horrible crimes are committed by these elites that, you know,
and then all of a sudden he gets killed.
But so they do it right out in front of everybody's nose. What.
Happened with Jack Ruby?
Oh, same thing. It's just.
Like how this is the most important person on earth right now to keep safe and
you're not doing it right.
Jack Ruby just run up and shoots him in the gut. Yeah. Bang.
Boswell. Yeah. It's just like, how is, how are you letting this happen? Yeah.
E even if all the conspiracy theories are wrong,
how are you up so bad that this is allowed to happen?